c:\users\eaidova\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ActivityLogger\ActivityLogger\bin\ActivityLogger.dll
c:\users\eaidova\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ActivityLogger\ActivityLogger\bin\ActivityLogger.pdb
c:\users\eaidova\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ActivityLogger\ActivityLogger\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
c:\users\eaidova\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ActivityLogger\ActivityLogger\bin\EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\eaidova\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ActivityLogger\ActivityLogger\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\users\eaidova\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ActivityLogger\ActivityLogger\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\eaidova\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ActivityLogger\ActivityLogger\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
c:\users\eaidova\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ActivityLogger\ActivityLogger\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\users\eaidova\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ActivityLogger\ActivityLogger\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
c:\users\eaidova\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ActivityLogger\ActivityLogger\bin\System.Web.Providers.dll
c:\users\eaidova\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ActivityLogger\ActivityLogger\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\users\eaidova\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ActivityLogger\ActivityLogger\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
c:\users\eaidova\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ActivityLogger\ActivityLogger\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
c:\users\eaidova\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ActivityLogger\ActivityLogger\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
c:\users\eaidova\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ActivityLogger\ActivityLogger\bin\WebGrease.dll
c:\users\eaidova\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ActivityLogger\ActivityLogger\bin\EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\eaidova\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ActivityLogger\ActivityLogger\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\eaidova\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ActivityLogger\ActivityLogger\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
c:\users\eaidova\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ActivityLogger\ActivityLogger\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\users\eaidova\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ActivityLogger\ActivityLogger\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\users\eaidova\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ActivityLogger\ActivityLogger\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
c:\users\eaidova\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ActivityLogger\ActivityLogger\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
c:\users\eaidova\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ActivityLogger\ActivityLogger\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
c:\users\eaidova\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ActivityLogger\ActivityLogger\obj\Debug\ActivityLogger.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\eaidova\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ActivityLogger\ActivityLogger\obj\Debug\ActivityLogger.dll
c:\users\eaidova\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ActivityLogger\ActivityLogger\obj\Debug\ActivityLogger.pdb
c:\users\eaidova\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ActivityLogger\ActivityLogger\bin\Dapper.dll
c:\users\eaidova\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ActivityLogger\ActivityLogger\bin\Dapper.xml
